add migration docs (#43)
cloudquery/docs: docs/developers/migrations.md

# Migrations

This is an advanced section describing implementing migrations for a CloudQuery Provider. Before reading this section make sure you have read the [developing new provider](./developers/developing-new-provider.md) guide first.

> CloudQuery is backed by a SQL database, providers consistently change between versions and can create breaking changes. Migrations is a classic approach to support changes without remaking the database. Under the hood CloudQuery uses [go-migrate](https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since CloudQuery is backed by a SQL database, providers consistently change between versions and can create breaking changes. Migrations is a classic approach to support changes without rebuilding the database. Under the hood CloudQuery uses [go-migrate](https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate).
```

### Adding provider migrations support 

> The CloudQuery SDK allows to easily send a list of embedded sql migration files to the core from a provider, we are required to only to added the following to our provider struct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CloudQuery SDK allows to easily send a list of embedded SQL migration files from a provider to the core, we are required to only add the following to our provider struct
```
